Joy to the world, the Lord is come, let earth receive her King.
Let every heart prepare Him room, and heaven and nature sing, and heaven and nature sing, and heaven and heaven and nature sing.
Jingle Bells
Dashing through the snow, in a one-horse open sleigh.
O'er the fields we go, laughing all the way.
Bells on bobtails ring, making spirits bright.
Oh, what fun to ride and sing the sleighing song tonight.
Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells, Jingle all the way.
Oh, what fun it is to ride in a one-horse open sleigh, yeah.
Silent Night, Holy Night
All is calm, all is bright
Round yon Virgin, Mother and Child
Holy infant, so tender and mild
Sleep in heavenly peace
Deck the Halls
Deck the halls with boughs of holly
Fa la la la la, la la la la
Tis the season to be jolly
Down we now our gay apparel
Fa la la la la, la la la la
To the ancient yuletide carol